
USAGE (rotate-rot13.py)

    Contents:

        1.  Definition
        2.  General stuff
          2.1  How to run Python scripts
          2.2  Overview of all command-line arguments
        3.  Encrypt a file
        4.  Decrypt the file again
        5.  User-defined rotation values

    1. Definition

        The ROTate ROT13 script encrypts and decrypts a file using the ROT13
        method with the default rotation value or a user-defined one (using
        the ROT13 character set).

    2. General stuff

        2.1 How to run Python scripts

            All usage examples below show how to execute the Python scripts on
            the shell of a Unix-like system. If you do not know, how to run
            those scripts on your operating system, you may have a look at
            this page:

                http://www.urbanware.org/howto_python.html

        2.2 Overview of all command-line arguments

            Usually, each script requires command-line arguments to operate.
            So, to get an overview of all arguments available, simply run the
            script with the "--help" argument. For example:

                $ ./rotate-rot13.py --help

    3. Encrypt a file

        For example, if you have the input file "hello.txt" containing the
        line

            Hello, world!

        and want to encrypt it using ROT13 (with its default value) and write
        the encrypted data into "secret.txt", the command line would look like
        this:

            $ ./rotate-rot13.py -i hello.txt -o secret.txt -a encrypt

        The encrypted data inside "secret.txt" should look like this:

            Uryyb, Jbeyq!

    4. Decrypt the file again

        To decrypt the file again and write the decrypted data into the file
        "output.txt", type:

            $ ./rotate-rot13.py -i secret.txt -o output.txt -a decrypt

    5. User-defined rotation values

        You can also encrypt the file using the ROT13 method, but with
        rotation value 19 instead of the default value:

            $ ./rotate-rot13.py -i hello.txt -o secret.txt -a encrypt -v 19

        The user-defined rotation value used to encrypt is also required to
        properly decrypt the file again:

            $ ./rotate-rot13.py -i secret.txt -o output.txt -a decrypt -v 19
            
